Privacy Policy
At zaloni dental hub, accessible from , one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by zaloni dental hub and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collected in zaloni dental hub. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.

Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.

The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We also ask users to submit new passwords, if applicable. We prioritize security and understand the importance of strong passwords. That’s why we don’t use weak passwords on our website and recommend creating random passwords to help safeguard your account from unauthorized access. This commitment helps protect our users' accounts and data, giving you peace of mind while using our services.When you register for an Account, we may ask for your

Personal Information We Collect from Users:

Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

Provide, operate, and maintain our website

Improve, personalize, and expand our website

Understand and analyze how you use our website

Develop new products, services, features, and functionality

Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes

Send you emails

Find and prevent fraud

Log Files
zaloni dental hub follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this as part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

Email Privacy Policies:
Keeping your privacy and data safe is a top priority for us. We've updated our email privacy policies to make your experience more secure. We're only accepting real email addresses to ensure a safer space, and we've strengthened our encryption to better protect your data by not allowing disposable mail.

Updated Browser Policies for Enhanced Security and Privacy
To enhance your browsing security, we’ve made significant updates to our browser policies:
Advanced Encryption: Our new encryption standards offer improved protection for your data.
Reduced Cookie Collection: We’ve limited cookies to those necessary for site functionality, enhancing privacy.
Improved Protection Against Harmful Content: We now have better detection and blocking for harmful content like malware and phishing.
Download the latest version of your preferred browser to benefit from these updates.

Adult Content and Compliance with Pornography Laws:
Creating a secure and respectful environment is essential to us. We strictly follow pornography laws by banning adult content. Our content moderation policies are designed to ensure that no adult material is published and that any violations are addressed promptly.

Third Party Privacy Policies
zaloni dental hub’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.

CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:

Request that a business that collects a consumer’s personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.

Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.

Request that a business that sells a consumer’s personal data, not sell the consumer’s personal data.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

Use of Content
To maintain high standards of content quality and integrity, we prohibit the use of Filler Text on our website. This includes all forms of Lorem Ipsum text. All content must be original, relevant, and meaningful to our audience. This helps ensure our website remains a valuable and trustworthy resource for visitors.

GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.

The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

zaloni dental hub does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

For Entity Type, we use the Business platforms: zaloni dental hub, Wandegeya, Bombo Road, Next to Makerere Eastern Gate.

Contact Us
Contact Information

Email: mpairwelauben375@gmail.com

Phone: +256773336896
